chore(release-note): 7.10.5 release note (#1206)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: md/release-notes.md

* BST-171 Can't share a project on github using HTTPS and double authentication factor
* BST-341 On MacOS, Studio installer might not detect the installed JRE

> ### Fixes in Bonita 7.10.4 (2020-XX-XX)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Fixes in Bonita 7.10.5 (2020-XX-XX)
```

#### Fixes in Bonita Runtime (including Portal)

> * BR-408 - Update tomcat to 8.5.53 That include latests security fixes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BR-408 - Update tomcat to 8.5.53 version that includes latest security fixes
```
